good day fam guess who's in town get
your boy oh boy
John hey you were like in the vlog for
two seconds on Monday you think you're
funny that wasn't funny good the people
McConnell's like John yeah anyways we're
doing my favorite thing ever when
someone comes me is like I need to buy
new cameras what do I need like let's do
this
I'm like it's my favorite buy more shine
for you than me it's very exciting
you're onto the ACMs - yeah what the
cysteines are you guys you know you'll
you'll be terrible inspires like Nina
what is like in a sony a7s came out like
three months later without upset you I
mean really not used to this way how are
you just what you need something now
could you need something else regardless
I do do something with Sony merciful
dirt dirt future like I would be okay
with having okay some good regardless I
think you're good and drinketh on you
guys I'll buy you guys there's a
resurrection so what you need is yes yes
16:35 boom a road money right do you
want to see that's the main point for me
do you want this fancy my clicker unity
interviewing to like I will be allowed
you to job don't be drunken comes down
that money so you're getting lunch to
ready
Oh actually can't really afford that
you're fine here nowhere to brush the
strip less you paper me I guess you're
favoring that photo we got 16 hits like
this museum go fit and it for kiddo
one so I have cute it's so stupid how
beautiful it is today before we go pick
up John Q here we're going to where I
bring literally everyone and that's cafe
plenty coaches delicious scale from one
Sarah how beautiful is the day today
honestly I saw there's a few beautiful
[Music]
yeah so I actually live here come to the
desperate
yeah doing the vibe I need a stoop in my
life
stoop computer work get it I'll grab
that one okay thank you I need to talk
about
[Music]
pink retrospective act takes it to me
a long time ago but I never made a video
I show you how much stuff I can put in
here
is it
[Music]
I have my Malick I have my sony a7s with
the 70 to 200 lens in here
I'm batteries either most the shoutout
sipping pink shoutouts to Tony and BJ I
for making most amazing equipment and
the most compact sports
I'm obsessed with all things camera bags
and stuff I've actually literally been
enjoying the fact so much so I just
wanted to give a little shout out you're
actually in Brooklyn right now so this
morning was exciting because we ordered
all of John's new camera equipment you
guys want to see this is this is I'm
getting excited for him beautiful moment
in my life it is it's like a transition
to all the new yeah John Hill 2.0 be
sure to subscribe to see more make sure
to subscribe to this lovely face a7s2
o 16 to 35 no SD cards extra batteries
so this is actually the new rode
videomic it has the new shock mount the
rubber bands in the shock mount won't
like fall out that's something I have to
worry about this is a really nice new
rode mic then I turn them on to these
road link Wireless kits if you guys need
a wireless solution that is so so easy
this is where is that
[Music]
it's like not painful you're not doing
it right
that's the thing a lot of these websites
is a lot of things followers and not a
lot of interaction it's hash tag fake
news ah another bean I think we're good
so we gotta be okay yeah have the proof
of the Tommy yeah I think this needs to
be more of focus oh oh okay so I think
we're ready we have our head accessories
yeah that's the nose potential yeah
that's another sentence anyway you're
talking on waiting with Camilla haha ah
oh you're on the way to our ela honestly
Gizmodo and it's trashy headlines kind
of the worst oh yeah I've been working
on this just for this role
I've been eating really really unhealthy
for about what four weeks not preparing
for this yeah yeah yeah right
it's like a little you got it oh my god
a little die
in conclusion
Gizmodo stop quit it
Casey good luck with everything h3h3 we
love you yeah you should got subscribed
as a beautiful thing
thank you yes go subscribe right now if
you if you're not subscribed here to the
subscribe button down below there's
something here on the channel every day
at 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time hit that
like button for just beautiful beanie
where these people home minions hi guys
hey baby see okay bye
[Music]
Oh